# Farmers-Assistant
Farmers Assistant is a web application to assist farmer. This application will provide farmers and traders a privilege to establish a way of communication. Farmers and traders will post their sale post and demand post respectively. The post will be shown to the farmer or trader having the interest of the product of the post. Any farmer or trader can edit his/her post if there is any need. If any farmer or trader wants to expire his/her post when all the product of the post have been sold or demands fulfilled s/he has the privilege. Besides a farmer or trader can delete his/her post anytime. Every user including Admin, Expert, Farmer and Trader can update his/her profile and can change the password if there is any need. None can change the email address as this is considered as the identity of any user. Moreover there is a discussion section where farmers can ask their queries and experts and farmers can reply the question. Farmer can communicate with experts using real time communication like video calling and audio calling. If there is any need, farmers and experts can chat in time of realtime communication. Admin will set interests and have the authority to delete interests. Admin also has the authority to manage users.
# Sign up as farmer or trader
Going to the URL: https://fa.thebssesixth.com/public, click on Sign In.
Log in page will appear. Click on Register. A registration form will appear performing this task. Providing all the required information if anyone select "কৃষক" from the role dropdown, he will be registered a sa farmer. And if anyone select "ব্যবসায়ী" from the role dropdown.
